#summary Changing the service header

= Introduction =

Hello Raquel and Linde. I am writing the instructions now. I will remove this message when I have finished.

Peter

There are no configuration files or interfaces with the vbit-pi software. This is because I haven't written any. So what you have to do is hack the software to change it for what you want to do. The first thing that you would want to do with a vbit-pi is change the service header so I will describe how to do that for complete beginners.

For these instructions you need a TV and a USB keyboard plugged into the Pi and an SD card that boots and runs a teletext service.


= Logging in and stopping teletext =

Connect the TV to the yellow monitor phono on the Pi. You will see some debug information scroll up indicating that the teletext service is alive. Press Enter. The system should respond with:
 Raspberry login:
Type pi
 Password:
Type raspberry

It will be annoying because the teletext program is running in the background and often will put up messages. Just ignore these.

If you logged in OK then when you press Enter the system will print the prompt:
 pi@raspberrypi $
To stop the teletext and make the messages stop, type in
 sudo killall -9 vbit

= Editing the source code =
You will find all the code in the vbit-pi directory. Change directory to there and then see what is in there:
 cd vbit-pi
 ls
The easiest editor is nano.



Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages